feat(decision): add MCP namespace strategy in platform cluster (#13)
openmcp-project/docs: adrs/2025-08-12-mcp-namespace-strategy.md

Without proper namespace isolation, MCPs could interfere with each other, leading to security vulnerabilities, resource conflicts, and operational complexity.

## Considered Options

1. **mcp-{hash-mcp-name-and-namespace}** - Create namespaces using a hash of the MCP name and original namespace (hash < 63 chars)
2. **mcp-{uid}** - Create namespaces using the UID of the MCP resource

## Decision Outcome

Option 1: "mcp-{hash-mcp-name-and-namespace}", because it provides unique namespace isolation for each MCP while avoiding conflicts and maintaining deterministic naming that survives backup/restore operations. Option 2 would have been simpler but does not work well with backup/restore scenarios, as the UID can change after a restore operation, leading to potential conflicts and confusion.

> The hash algorithm we will use with Option 1 is [SHAKE128](https://pkg.go.dev/crypto/sha3#SumSHAKE128). It is the only 128-bit algorithm that is FIPS compliant. Through the 128-bit output, we can ensure UUID style. So the namespace could look something like `mcp-3f4b2c1d-8e9a-7b6c-5d4e-3f2a1b0c9d8e`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hash algorithm we will use with Option 1 is [SHAKE128](https://pkg.go.dev/crypto/sha3#SumSHAKE128). It is an 128-bit algorithm that is FIPS compliant. The 128-bit output allows us to print the hash in the UUID v8 format. So the namespace could look something like `mcp-3f4b2c1d-8e9a-7b6c-5d4e-3f2a1b0c9d8e`.
```
